# Roles Meeting Notes

## Team 7: Ash Ketchup

### Type of Meeting
Roles Meeting - Ad Hoc

### Members

#### Present
Uposhanto Bhattacharya, Trevor Tsai, Ryan Bui, Qingyuan Zhang, Farheen Ansari, Yueqi Wang, Elaine Ha, Anoushka Dave, Miguel Serrano 

#### Absent 
None

### When & Where 
Remote, Synchronous - Zoom.us
02/20/2021, 03:00PM PST

### Agenda

#### Unresolved Business
- None

#### New Business
- fill out daily standup notes!
- everyone shared sprint progress (in next section) for this week - received feedback from the group, discussed challenges
  - completed Sprint Review assignment for Sprint 1
  - completed Retrospective assignment for Sprint 1
- Team Status Video - blocker: need to come up with Sprint Plan to do this
- issues with Build Pipeline, ESLint is causing some problems - must run this command
- assigned tasks for this week (in Action Items)
- possible enhancements: view tasks & hide tasks button on Timer Page; if they haven't read the instructions, force them to and store in cookies
- git pull origin master/styles/notes before working on tasks
- improvements: we decided that everyone was going to add their own ticket & make sure that their PRs are linked with issues on the repository

#### Sprint Progress 
- **David, Yueqi, Trevor, Ryan**: Connect all pages with buttons, need to merge the branches together 
- **David**: Added some timer functionality, how should the timer work with the timer page? Do we need to delete tasks or reduce Pomos as time passes? - add these tasks to the next sprint
- **Anoushka, Farheen, Elaine:** Completed timer page, need to fix some of the font to be Comforta, need the page to be responsive similar to the tasks page
- **Elaine:** Completed continue button functionality 
- **Yueqi:** Changed variable names to match final version of tasks page
- **Miguel:** Completed end session button event handling (with alert for confirmation), still need to connect it to the current number of Pomos completed
- **Farheen:** Attended lectures
- **Trevor:** Attended lectures & discussion
- **Upo:** Completed GitHub Projects backlog

#### Anything Not Discussed
- everything that was scheduled was discussed

### Decisions & Reasoning
- decided how the timer page should look: should it change the number of Pomos or do we ask to delete tasks? how do we switch between the work, long, and short timers?
  - we will use local storage to do this most simply
  - timer will just count down 
  - can trigger events after timer hits 0, but this could get complex
  - this task can be part of this sprint
  - array of timers ['work', 'long', 'short', ... ] to implement timers

### Action Items
- **Upo, Trevor, Ryan:** Merge all branches on GitHub
- **Anoushka:** Fix font to be Comforta on Timer Page, Make Timer Page to be responsive
- **Miguel:** Finish end session button
- **Upo:** Make discussion slides
- **Yueqi:** Attend Discussion
- **David, Elaine:** Timer page needs to change colors based on current task, Timer with local storage
- **Farheen:** Edit & Complete Team Status Video 
- **Everyone**: daily standup notes - update on standup branch on GitHub, get VSCode extensions (Prettier, CircleCI, ESLint), must add unit tests with Jest to our work if we worked with JS files
- **Lectures:** Farheen, Trevor
- **Discussion:** Yueqi

### Meeting End Time
05:00PM PST
